NAME

xe - XCP/Xenserver command line interface

SYNOPSIS

xe <command> [-s server] [-pw passwd] [-p port] [-u user] [-pwf password-file]
[command specific arguments]

To get help on a specific command: xe help <command>


DESCRIPTION

xe is the commandline interface to Xen Cloud Platform (XCP) and Citrix Xenserver. xe provides a large list of subcommands 
used to manage XCP/Xeserver. The xe CLI enables the writing of scripts for automating system administration tasks and 
allows integration of XCP/XenServer into an existing IT infrastructure.

The xe command line interface is installed by default on XCP/XenServer hosts. Some operating systems also offer a locally 
installable version.

On RPM-based distributions (such as, Red Hat and CentOS), you can install the stand-alone xe CLI executable from
the RPM named xe-cli-6.00-@BUILD_NUMBER@.i386.rpm on the main XCP/Xeserver installation ISO, as follows:
rpm -ivh xe-cli-6.00-@BUILD_NUMBER@.i386.rpm

GENERAL OPTIONS
       Parameters and options conventions

       -s <server-hostname>

       -pw <password>

       -p <port>

              Port number on which to connect.

       -u <user>

       -pw <password-file>
       
       
<command> is one of:
audit-log-get - Get the pool log and save to a file
bond-create - Create a bonded interface from a list of existing PIFs
bond-destroy - Destroy a bonded interface
bond-list - List all bonded interfaces
bond-param-get - Get bonded interface parameters
bond-param-list - List all bonded interface parameters
cd-list - List available CDs
console-list - Lists all consoles
console-param-add - Add a console parameter
console-param-clear - Clear a console parameter
console-param-get - Get a console parameter
console-param-list - List all console parameters
console-param-remove - Remove a console parameter
console-param-set - Set a console parameter
diagnostic-compact - Perform a major GC collection and heap compaction
diagnostic-db-log - Start a logging database operation (cannot be stopped once started)
diagnostic-db-stats - Print db stats
diagnostic-gc-stats - Print GC stats
diagnostic-license-status - Help diagnose pool-wide licensing problems
diagnostic-timing-stats - Print timing stats
*diagnostic-vdi-status - Query the locking and sharing status of a VDI
*diagnostic-vm-status - Query the hosts on which the VM can boot, check the sharing/locking status of all VBDs
event-wait - Wait for an event
help - Print xe command help
*host-apply-edition - Change to another license edition or reactivate one after a license has expired 
*host-backup - Backup a control domain to a file
*host-bugreport-upload - Upload the output of xen-bugtool 
*host-call-plugin - Call the function within the plugin on the given host with optional arguments
host-compute-free-memory - Compute the amount of free memory on the host
host-compute-memory-overhead - Compute the virtualization memory overhead of a host
host-cpu-info - List info on physical host CPUs
host-cpu-list - List all host CPUs
host-cpu-param-get - Get a host CPU parameter
host-cpu-param-list - Lists all host CPU parameters
host-crashdump-destroy - Delete a host crashdump
host-crashdump-list - List host's crashdumps
host-crashdump-param-get - Get host crashdump parameter
host-crashdump-param-list - List host crashdump parameters 
host-crashdump-upload - Upload a host crashdump to the support website
*host-data-source-forget - Stop recording the specified data source for a Host, and forget all of the recorded data. 
*host-data-source-list - List the data sources that can be recorded for a Host.
*host-data-source-query - Query the last value read from a Host data source. 
*host-data-source-record - Record the specified data source for a Host. 
host-disable - Disable a host. All hosts will be disabled if one isn't specified
host-disable-local-storage-caching - Disable a host's local storage caching
host-dmesg - Get xen dmesg from host
host-emergency-ha-disable - Disable a host's HA
host-emergency-management-reconfigure - Reconfigure a host management interface
host-enable - Enable a host
host-enable-local-storage-caching - Enable a host's local storage caching
host-evacuate - Migrate all VMs off a host
host-forget - Forget about a dead host without contacting it explicitly
host-get-cpu-features - Print a hexadecimal representation of the host's physical-CPU features
host-get-server-certificate - Get the installed server SSL certificate 
host-get-system-status - Download system status  
host-get-system-status-capabilities - Get system status capabilities
*host-get-uncooperative-vms - Return a list of VMs which are not co-operating with the memory control system
*host-get-vms-which-prevent-evacuation - Return a list of VMs which prevent the evacuation of a specific host and display reasons for each one.
host-is-in-emergency-mode - Query a host to discover if it is in emergency mode
host-license-add - Add a license to a host
host-license-view - View the host's license parameters
host-list - Lists all hosts 
host-logs-download - Download a copy of the host's logs
host-management-disable - Disable the host's management interface 
host-management-reconfigure - Reconfigure the host's management interface
host-param-add - Add a host parameter 
host-param-clear - Clear a host parameter
host-param-get - Get a host parameter  
host-param-list - List all host parameters 
host-param-remove - Remove a parameter from a host
host-param-set - Set the parameter specified
host-power-on - Power on a host
host-reboot - Reboot a host
host-reset-cpu-features - Removes the feature mask of the host's physical CPU
host-restore - Upload a backup of the host's control domain
*host-retrieve-wlb-evacuate-recommendations - Retrieves recommended host migrations to perform when evacuating the host from the wlb server 
*host-send-debug-keys - Send specified hypervisor debug keys to specified host
*host-set-cpu-features - Attempts to mask the host's physical-CPU features to match the given features. 
host-set-power-on-mode - Set the host power-on mode 
host-shutdown - Shutdown a host 
host-shutdown-agent - Shut down the agent on a host
*host-sync-data - Synchronise the non-database data stored on the pool master with the specified host
host-syslog-reconfigure - Reconfigure syslog daemon
log-get - Return the log currently stored in the string logger
log-get-keys - List the keys known by the logger
log-reopen - Reopen all loggers (use this for rotating files)
log-set-output - Set all loggers to the specified output 
message-create - Create a message associated with a particular API object.
message-destroy - Destroy an existing message.
message-list - List all the messages
message-param-get - Get the message parameter specified 
message-param-list - List all message parameters 
network-create - Create a new network
network-destroy - Delete an existing network
network-list - List all networks 
network-param-add - Add a network parameter 
network-param-clear - Clear a network parameter
network-param-get - Get a network paramter 
network-param-list - List all network parameters
network-param-remove - Remove a network parameter
network-param-set - Set a network parameter
patch-apply - Apply an uploaded patch to a host
patch-clean - Delete an uploaded patch file
patch-destroy - Remove an unapplied patch from a host
patch-list - List all patches
patch-param-clear - Clear a patch parameter
patch-param-get - Get a patch parameter
patch-param-list - List all patch parameters
patch-pool-apply - Apply an uploaded patch to all hosts in the pool
patch-precheck - Run prechecks contained in an uploaded patch 
patch-upload - Upload a patch file

pbd-create - Create a PBD. The read-only device-config parameter can only be set on creation in the following manner. To
pbd-destroy - Destroy the PBD.
pbd-list - Lists all the pbds, filtering on the optional arguments. To filter on map parameters, use the syntax 'map-param
pbd-param-add - Adds to a set or map parameter. 
pbd-param-clear - Clears the specified parameter (param-name can be device-config,other-config).
pbd-param-get - Gets the parameter specified of the object.
pbd-param-list - Lists all the parameters of the object specified by the uuid.
pbd-param-remove - Removes a member or a key,value pair from a set/map respectively.
pbd-param-set - Sets the parameter specified. 
pbd-plug - Attempt to plug in the PBD to the host. 
pbd-unplug - Attempt to unplug the PBD from the host. 
pif-forget - Destroy a PIF object on a particular host.
pif-introduce - Create a new PIF object representing a physical interface on a host.
pif-list - Lists all the pifs, 
pif-param-add - Adds to a set or map parameter. 
pif-param-clear - Clears the specified parameter 
pif-param-get - Gets the parameter specified of the object. 
pif-param-list - Lists all the parameters of the object specified by the uuid.
pif-param-remove - Removes a member or a key,value pair from a set/map respectively.
pif-param-set - Sets the parameter specified. 
pif-plug - Attempt to bring up a network interface.
pif-reconfigure-ip - Reconfigure the IP address settings on a PIF.
pif-scan - Scan for new physical interfaces on a host.
pif-unplug - Attempt to bring down a network interface.
pool-certificate-install - Install an SSL certificate, pool-wide.
pool-certificate-list - List all installed SSL certificates.
pool-certificate-sync - Sync SSL certificates and certificate revocation lists from master to slaves.
pool-certificate-uninstall - Uninstall an SSL certificate.
pool-crl-install - Install an SSL certificate revocation list, pool-wide.
pool-crl-list - List all installed SSL certificate revocation lists.
pool-crl-uninstall - Uninstall an SSL certificate revocation list.
pool-deconfigure-wlb - Permanently remove the configuration for workload balancing
pool-designate-new-master - Request an orderly handover of the role of master to another host.
pool-disable-external-auth - Disables external authentication in all the hosts in a pool
pool-disable-local-storage-caching - Disable local storage caching across the pool
pool-disable-redo-log - Disable the redo log if in use, unless HA is enabled.
pool-dump-database - Download a dump of the pool database.
pool-eject - Instruct host to leave an existing pool.
pool-emergency-reset-master - Instruct slave to reset master address.
pool-emergency-transition-to-master - Instruct slave to become pool master.
pool-enable-external-auth - Enables external authentication in all the hosts in a pool. Note that some values of auth-type will require particular config
pool-enable-local-storage-caching - Enable local storage caching across the pool
pool-enable-redo-log - Enable the redo log on the given SR and start using it, unless HA is enabled.
pool-ha-compute-hypothetical-max-host-failures-to-tolerate - Compute the maximum number of host failures to tolerate with the supplied, proposed protected VMs.
pool-ha-compute-max-host-failures-to-tolerate - Compute the maximum number of host failures to tolerate under the current Pool configuration
pool-ha-disable - Disable HA on this Pool.
pool-ha-enable - Enable HA on this Pool.
pool-initialize-wlb - Initialize workload balancing for the current pool with the target wlb server
pool-join - Instruct host to join an existing pool.
pool-list - Lists all the pools, 
pool-param-add - Adds to a set or map parameter. 
pool-param-clear - Clears the specified parameter 
pool-param-get - Gets the parameter specified of the object. 
pool-param-list - Lists all the parameters of the object specified by the uuid.
pool-param-remove - Removes a member or a key,value pair from a set/map respectively.
pool-param-set - Sets the parameter specified. 
pool-recover-slaves - Instruct master to try and reset master-address of all slaves currently running in emergency mode.
pool-restore-database - Restore a dump of the pool database to the server.
pool-retrieve-wlb-configuration - Retrieves the pool optimization criteria from the workload balancing server
pool-retrieve-wlb-diagnostics - 
pool-retrieve-wlb-recommendations - Retrieves vm migrate recommendations for the pool from the workload balancing server
pool-retrieve-wlb-report - 
pool-send-test-post - Send the given body to the given host and port, using HTTPS, and print the response.  This is used for debugging the SSL layer.
pool-send-wlb-configuration - Sets the pool optimization criteria for the workload balancing server
pool-sync-database - Synchronise the current database across all hosts in the pool.
pool-vlan-create - Create a new VLAN on each host in a pool.
role-list - Lists all the roles, 
role-param-get - Gets the parameter specified of the object. 
role-param-list - Lists all the parameters of the object specified by the uuid.
secret-create - Create a secret
secret-destroy - Destroy a secret
secret-list - Lists all the secrets, 
secret-param-clear - Clears the specified parameter 
secret-param-get - Gets the parameter specified of the object. 
secret-param-set - Sets the parameter specified. 
session-subject-identifier-list - Return a list of all the user subject ids of all externally-authenticated existing sessions
session-subject-identifier-logout - Log out all externally-authenticated sessions associated to a user subject id
session-subject-identifier-logout-all - Log out all externally-authenticated sessions
sm-list - Lists all the sms, 
sm-param-get - Gets the parameter specified of the object. 
sm-param-list - Lists all the parameters of the object specified by the uuid.
snapshot-clone - Create a new template by cloning an existing snapshot, using storage-level fast disk clone operation where available.
snapshot-copy - Create a new template by copying an existing VM, but without using storage-level fast disk clone operation (even if this is available). The disk images of the copied VM are guaranteed to be 'full images' - i.e. not part of a CoW chain.
snapshot-destroy - Destroy a snapshot. This leaves the storage associated with the snapshot intact. To delete storage too, use snapshot-uninstall.
snapshot-disk-list - List the disks on the selected VM(s). 
snapshot-export-to-template - Export a snapshot to <filename>.
snapshot-list - Lists all the snapshots, 
snapshot-param-add - Adds to a set or map parameter. 
snapshot-param-clear - Clears the specified parameter 
snapshot-param-get - Gets the parameter specified of the object. 
snapshot-param-list - Lists all the parameters of the object specified by the uuid.
snapshot-param-remove - Removes a member or a key,value pair from a set/map respectively.
snapshot-param-set - Sets the parameter specified. 
snapshot-reset-powerstate
snapshot-revert - Revert an existing VM to a previous checkpointed or snapshotted state.
snapshot-uninstall - Uninstall a snapshot. This operation will destroy those VDIs that are marked RW and connected to this snapshot only. To simply destroy the VM record, use snapshot-destroy.
sr-create - Create an SR, also a PBD. the device-config parameters can be specified by e.g. device-config
sr-destroy - Destroy the SR.
sr-forget - Forget about the SR.
sr-introduce - Introduces an SR (but does not create any PBDs).
sr-list - Lists all the srs, 
sr-param-add - Adds to a set or map parameter. 
sr-param-clear - Clears the specified parameter 
sr-param-get - Gets the parameter specified of the object. 
sr-param-list - Lists all the parameters of the object specified by the uuid.
sr-param-remove - Removes a member or a key,value pair from a set/map respectively.
sr-param-set - Sets the parameter specified. 
sr-probe - Perform a storage probe.  The device-config parameters can be specified by e.g. device-config
sr-scan - Force an SR scan, syncing database with VDIs present in underlying storage substrate.
sr-update - Refresh the fields of the SR object in the database.
subject-add - Add a subject to the list of subjects that can access the pool
subject-list - Lists all the subjects, 
subject-param-clear - Clears the specified parameter 
subject-param-get - Gets the parameter specified of the object. 
subject-param-list - Lists all the parameters of the object specified by the uuid.
subject-remove - Remove a subject from the list of subjects that can access the pool
subject-role-add - Add a role to a subject
subject-role-remove - Remove a role from a subject
task-cancel - Set a task to cancelling and return.
task-list - Lists all the tasks, 
task-param-get - Gets the parameter specified of the object. 
task-param-list - Lists all the parameters of the object specified by the uuid.
template-export - Export a template to <filename>.
template-list - Lists all the templates, 
template-param-add - Adds to a set or map parameter. 
template-param-clear - Clears the specified parameter 
template-param-get - Gets the parameter specified of the object. 
template-param-list - Lists all the parameters of the object specified by the uuid.
template-param-remove - Removes a member or a key,value pair from a set/map respectively.
template-param-set - Sets the parameter specified. 
template-uninstall - Uninstall a custom template. This operation will destroy those VDIs that are marked as 'owned' by this template
tunnel-create - Create a new tunnel on a host.
tunnel-destroy - Destroy a tunnel.
tunnel-list - Lists all the tunnels
tunnel-param-add - Adds to a set or map parameter. 
tunnel-param-clear - Clears the specified parameter 
tunnel-param-get - Gets the parameter specified of the object. 
tunnel-param-list - Lists all the parameters of the object specified by the uuid.
tunnel-param-remove - Removes a member or a key,value pair from a set/map respectively.
tunnel-param-set - Sets the parameter specified. 
update-upload - Stream new update to the server.
user-password-change - Change a user's login password.
vbd-create - Create a VBD. Appropriate values for the device field are listed in the parameter 'allowed-VBD-devices' on the VM. If no VDI is specified, an empty VBD will be created. The type parameter can be 'Disk' or 'CD', and the mode is 'RO' or 'RW'.
vbd-destroy - Destroy a VBD.
vbd-eject - Remove the media from the drive represented by a VBD.
vbd-insert - Insert new media into the drive represented by a VBD.
vbd-list - Lists all the vbds, 
vbd-param-add - Adds to a set or map parameter. 
vbd-param-clear - Clears the specified parameter 
vbd-param-get - Gets the parameter specified of the object. 
vbd-param-list - Lists all the parameters of the object specified by the uuid.
vbd-param-remove - Removes a member or a key,value pair from a set/map respectively.
vbd-param-set - Sets the parameter specified. 
vbd-plug - Attempt to attach the VBD while the VM is in the running state.
vbd-unplug - Attempt to detach the VBD while the VM is in the running state. If the optional argument 'timeout=N' is given then the command will wait for up to 'N' seconds for the unplug to complete. If the optional argument 'force' is given and the device supports surprise removal then it will be immediately unplugged.
vdi-clone - Clone a specified VDI.
vdi-copy - Copy a VDI to a specified SR.
vdi-create - Create a VDI. 
vdi-destroy - Destroy a VDI.
vdi-forget - Forget about a VDI.
vdi-import - Import a raw VDI.
vdi-introduce - Create a VDI object representing an existing disk.
vdi-list - Lists all the vdis, 
vdi-param-add - Adds to a set or map parameter. 
vdi-param-clear - Clears the specified parameter 
vdi-param-get - Gets the parameter specified of the object. 
vdi-param-list - Lists all the parameters of the object specified by the uuid.
vdi-param-remove - Removes a member or a key,value pair from a set/map respectively.
vdi-param-set - Sets the parameter specified. 
vdi-resize - Resize a VDI.
vdi-snapshot - Snapshot a specified VDI.
vdi-unlock - Attempt to unlock a VDI.
vdi-update - Refresh the fields of the VDI object in the database.
vif-create - Create a VIF. Appropriate values for the device are listed in the parameter 'allowed-VIF-devices' on the VM. If specified, the MAC parameter is of the form aa
vif-destroy - Destroy a VIF.
vif-list - Lists all the vifs, 
vif-param-add - Adds to a set or map parameter. 
vif-param-clear - Clears the specified parameter 
vif-param-get - Gets the parameter specified of the object. 
vif-param-list - Lists all the parameters of the object specified by the uuid.
vif-param-remove - Removes a member or a key,value pair from a set/map respectively.
vif-param-set - Sets the parameter specified. 
vif-plug - Attempt to attach the VIF while the VM is in the running state.
vif-unplug - Attempt to detach the VIF while the VM is in the running state.
vlan-create - Create a new VLAN on a host.
vlan-destroy - Destroy a VLAN.
vlan-list - Lists all the vlans,
vlan-param-get - Gets the parameter specified of the object
vlan-param-list - Lists all the parameters of the object specified by the uuid.
vm-cd-add - Add a CD to the VM(s). 
vm-cd-eject - Eject a CD from the virtual CD drive. 
vm-cd-insert - Insert a CD into the virtual CD drive. 
vm-cd-list - List the CDs currently attached to the VM(s).
vm-cd-remove - Remove the selected CDs from the VM(s). 
vm-checkpoint - Checkpoint an existing VM, using storage-level fast disk snapshot operation where available. 
vm-clone - Clone an existing VM, using storage-level fast disk clone operation where available. 
vm-compute-maximum-memory - Compute the maximum amount of guest memory given the VM's configuration. 
vm-compute-memory-overhead - Computes the virtualization memory overhead of a VM. 
vm-copy - Copy an existing VM, but without using storage-level fast disk clone operation (even if this is available). 
vm-copy-bios-strings - Copy the BIOS strings of the given host to the VM. 
vm-crashdump-list - List crashdumps associated with the selected VM(s). 
vm-data-source-forget - Stop recording the specified data source for a VM, and forget all of the recorded data. 
vm-data-source-list - List the data sources that can be recorded for a VM. 
vm-data-source-query - Query the last value read from a VM data source. 
vm-data-source-record - Record the specified data source for a VM. 
vm-destroy - Destroy a VM. This leaves the storage associated with the VM intact. To delete storage too, use vm-uninstall.
vm-disk-add - Add a new disk to the selected VM(s). 
vm-disk-list - List the disks on the selected VM(s). 
vm-disk-remove - Remove a disk from the selected VM and destroy it. 
vm-export - Export a VM to <filename>. 
vm-import - Import a VM. 
vm-install - Install a new VM from a template. 
vm-is-bios-customized - Indicates whether the BIOS strings of the VM have been customized. 
vm-list - Lists all the vms, 
vm-memory-dynamic-range-set - Configure the dynamic memory range of a VM. 
vm-memory-limits-set - Configure the memory limits of a VM. 
vm-memory-shadow-multiplier-set - Set the shadow memory multiplier of a VM which may be running. 
vm-memory-static-range-set - Configure the static memory range of a VM. 
vm-memory-target-set - Set the memory target for a halted or running VM. 
vm-migrate - Migrate the selected VM(s). 
vm-param-add - Adds to a set or map parameter. 
vm-param-clear - Clears the specified parameter 
vm-param-get - Gets the parameter specified of the object. 
vm-param-list - Lists all the parameters of the object specified by the uuid.
vm-param-remove - Removes a member or a key,value pair from a set/map respectively.
vm-param-set - Sets the parameter specified. 
vm-pause - Pause a running VM. 
vmpp-create - Create a new VM protection policy.
vmpp-destroy - Destroy a VM protection policy.
vmpp-list - Lists all the vmpps, 
vmpp-param-add - Adds to a set or map parameter. 
vmpp-param-clear - Clears the specified parameter 
vmpp-param-get - Gvm-migrateets the parameter specified of the object. 
vmpp-param-list - Lists all the parameters of the object specified by the uuid.
vmpp-param-remove - Removes a member or a key,value pair from a set/map respectively.
vmpp-param-set - Sets the parameter specified. 
vm-reboot - Reboot the selected VM(s). 
vm-reset-powerstate - Force the VM powerstate to halted in the management toolstack database only. 
vm-resume - Resume the selected VM(s). 
vm-retrieve-wlb-recommendations - Retrieve the workload balancing recommendations for the selected VM. 
vm-shutdown - Shutdown the selected VM(s). The optional argument --force will forcibly shut down the VM. 
vm-snapshot - Snapshot an existing VM, using storage-level fast disk snapshot operation where available. 
vm-snapshot-with-quiesce - Snapshot an existing VM with quiesce, using storage-level fast disk snapshot operation where available. 
vm-start - Start the selected VM(s). Where pooling is enabled, the host on which to start can be specified with the 'on' parameter that takes a uuid. 
vm-suspend - Suspend the selected VM(s). 
vm-uninstall - Uninstall a VM. This operation will destroy those VDIs that are marked RW and connected to this VM only. 
vm-unpause - Unpause a paused VM. 
vm-vcpu-hotplug - Dynamically adjust the number of VCPUs available to running VM. 
vm-vif-list - List the VIFs presvm-start ent on selected VM. 




SEE ALSO
xe-audit-log-get
xe-bond-create
xe-bond-destroy
xe-bond-list
xe-bond-param-get
xe-bond-param-list
xe-cd-list
xe-console-list
xe-console-param-add
xe-console-param-clear
xe-console-param-get
xe-console-param-list
xe-console-param-remove
xe-console-param-set
xe-diagnostic-compact
xe-diagnostic-db-log
xe-diagnostic-db-stats
xe-diagnostic-gc-stats
xe-diagnostic-license-status
xe-diagnostic-timing-stats
xe-diagnostic-vdi-status
xe-diagnostic-vm-status
xe-event-wait
xe-host-apply-edition
xe-host-backup
xe-host-bugreport-upload
xe-host-call-plugin
xe-host-compute-free-memory
xe-host-compute-memory-overhead
xe-host-cpu-info
xe-host-cpu-list
xe-host-cpu-param-get
xe-host-cpu-param-list
xe-host-crashdump-destroy
xe-host-crashdump-list
xe-host-crashdump-param-get
xe-host-crashdump-param-list
xe-host-crashdump-upload
xe-host-data-source-forget
xe-host-data-source-list
xe-host-data-source-query
xe-host-data-source-record
xe-host-disable
xe-host-disable-local-storage-caching
xe-host-dmesg
xe-host-emergency-ha-disable
xe-host-emergency-management-reconfigure
xe-host-enable
xe-host-enable-local-storage-caching
xe-host-evacuate
xe-host-forget
xe-host-get-cpu-features
xe-host-get-server-certificate
xe-host-get-system-status
xe-host-get-system-status-capabilities
xe-host-get-uncooperative-vms
xe-host-get-vms-which-prevent-evacuation
xe-host-is-in-emergency-mode
xe-host-license-add
xe-host-license-view
xe-host-list
xe-host-logs-download
xe-host-management-disable
xe-host-management-reconfigure
xe-host-param-add
xe-host-param-clear
xe-host-param-get
xe-host-param-list
xe-host-param-remove
xe-host-param-set
xe-host-power-on
xe-host-reboot
xe-host-reset-cpu-features
xe-host-restore
xe-host-retrieve-wlb-evacuate-recommendations
xe-host-send-debug-keys
xe-host-set-cpu-features
xe-host-set-hostname-live
xe-host-set-power-on-mode
xe-host-shutdown
xe-host-shutdown-agent
xe-host-sync-data
xe-host-syslog-reconfigure
xe-log-get
xe-log-get-keys
xe-log-reopen
xe-log-set-output
xe-message-create
xe-message-destroy
xe-message-list
xe-message-param-get
xe-message-param-list
xe-network-create
xe-network-destroy
xe-network-list
xe-network-param-add
xe-network-param-clear
xe-network-param-get
xe-network-param-list
xe-network-param-remove
xe-network-param-set
xe-patch-apply
xe-patch-clean
xe-patch-destroy
xe-patch-list
xe-patch-param-clear
xe-patch-param-get
xe-patch-param-list
xe-patch-pool-apply
xe-patch-precheck
xe-patch-upload
xe-pbd-create
xe-pbd-destroy
xe-pbd-list
xe-pbd-param-add
xe-pbd-param-clear
xe-pbd-param-get
xe-pbd-param-list
xe-pbd-param-remove
xe-pbd-param-set
xe-pbd-plug
xe-pbd-unplug
xe-pif-forget
xe-pif-introduce
xe-pif-list
xe-pif-param-add
xe-pif-param-clear
xe-pif-param-get
xe-pif-param-list
xe-pif-param-remove
xe-pif-param-set
xe-pif-plug
xe-pif-reconfigure-ip
xe-pif-scan
xe-pif-unplug
xe-pool-certificate-install
xe-pool-certificate-list
xe-pool-certificate-sync
xe-pool-certificate-uninstall
xe-pool-crl-install
xe-pool-crl-list
xe-pool-crl-uninstall
xe-pool-deconfigure-wlb
xe-pool-designate-new-master
xe-pool-disable-external-auth
xe-pool-disable-local-storage-caching
xe-pool-disable-redo-log
xe-pool-dump-database
xe-pool-eject
xe-pool-emergency-reset-master
xe-pool-emergency-transition-to-master
xe-pool-enable-external-auth
xe-pool-enable-local-storage-caching
xe-pool-enable-redo-log
xe-pool-ha-compute-hypothetical-max-host-failures-to-tolerate
xe-pool-ha-compute-max-host-failures-to-tolerate
xe-pool-ha-disable
xe-pool-ha-enable
xe-pool-initialize-wlb
xe-pool-join
xe-pool-list
xe-pool-param-add
xe-pool-param-clear
xe-pool-param-get
xe-pool-param-list
xe-pool-param-remove
xe-pool-param-set
xe-pool-recover-slaves
xe-pool-restore-database
xe-pool-retrieve-wlb-configuration
xe-pool-retrieve-wlb-diagnostics
xe-pool-retrieve-wlb-recommendations
xe-pool-retrieve-wlb-report
xe-pool-send-test-post
xe-pool-send-wlb-configuration
xe-pool-sync-database
xe-pool-vlan-create
xe-role-list
xe-role-param-get
xe-role-param-list
xe-secret-create
xe-secret-destroy
xe-secret-list
xe-secret-param-clear
xe-secret-param-get
xe-secret-param-list
xe-secret-param-set
xe-session-subject-identifier-list
xe-session-subject-identifier-logout
xe-session-subject-identifier-logout-all
xe-sm-list
xe-sm-param-get
xe-sm-param-list
xe-snapshot-clone
xe-snapshot-copy
xe-snapshot-destroy
xe-snapshot-disk-list
xe-snapshot-export-to-template
xe-snapshot-list
xe-snapshot-param-add
xe-snapshot-param-clear
xe-snapshot-param-get
xe-snapshot-param-list
xe-snapshot-param-remove
xe-snapshot-param-set
xe-snapshot-reset-powerstate
xe-snapshot-revert
xe-snapshot-uninstall
xe-sr-create
xe-sr-destroy
xe-sr-forget
xe-sr-introduce
xe-sr-list
xe-sr-param-add
xe-sr-param-clear
xe-sr-param-get
xe-sr-param-list
xe-sr-param-remove
xe-sr-param-set
xe-sr-probe
xe-sr-scan
xe-sr-update
xe-subject-add
xe-subject-list
xe-subject-param-clear
xe-subject-param-get
xe-subject-param-list
xe-subject-remove
xe-subject-role-add
xe-subject-role-remove
xe-task-cancel
xe-task-list
xe-task-param-get
xe-task-param-list
xe-template-export
xe-template-list
xe-template-param-add
xe-template-param-clear
xe-template-param-get
xe-template-param-list
xe-template-param-remove
xe-template-param-set
xe-template-uninstall
xe-tunnel-create
xe-tunnel-destroy
xe-tunnel-list
xe-tunnel-param-add
xe-tunnel-param-clear
xe-tunnel-param-get
xe-tunnel-param-list
xe-tunnel-param-remove
xe-tunnel-param-set
xe-update-upload
xe-user-password-change
xe-vbd-create
xe-vbd-destroy
xe-vbd-eject
xe-vbd-insert
xe-vbd-list
xe-vbd-param-add
xe-vbd-param-clear
xe-vbd-param-get
xe-vbd-param-list
xe-vbd-param-remove
xe-vbd-param-set
xe-vbd-plug
xe-vbd-unplug
xe-vdi-clone
xe-vdi-copy
xe-vdi-create
xe-vdi-destroy
xe-vdi-forget
xe-vdi-import
xe-vdi-introduce
xe-vdi-list
xe-vdi-param-add
xe-vdi-param-clear
xe-vdi-param-get
xe-vdi-param-list
xe-vdi-param-remove
xe-vdi-param-set
xe-vdi-resize
xe-vdi-snapshot
xe-vdi-unlock
xe-vdi-update
xe-vif-create
xe-vif-destroy
xe-vif-list
xe-vif-param-add
xe-vif-param-clear
xe-vif-param-get
xe-vif-param-list
xe-vif-param-remove
xe-vif-param-set
xe-vif-plug
xe-vif-unplug
xe-vlan-create
xe-vlan-destroy
xe-vlan-list
xe-vlan-param-get
xe-vlan-param-list
xe-vm-cd-add
xe-vm-cd-eject
xe-vm-cd-insert
xe-vm-cd-list
xe-vm-cd-remove
xe-vm-checkpoint
xe-vm-clone
xe-vm-compute-maximum-memory
xe-vm-compute-memory-overhead
xe-vm-copy
xe-vm-copy-bios-strings
xe-vm-crashdump-list
xe-vm-data-source-forget
xe-vm-data-source-list
xe-vm-data-source-query
xe-vm-data-source-record
xe-vm-destroy
xe-vm-disk-add
xe-vm-disk-list
xe-vm-disk-remove
xe-vm-export
xe-vm-import
xe-vm-install
xe-vm-is-bios-customized
xe-vm-list
xe-vm-memory-dynamic-range-set
xe-vm-memory-limits-set
xe-vm-memory-shadow-multiplier-set
xe-vm-memory-static-range-set
xe-vm-memory-target-set
xe-vm-migrate
xe-vm-param-add
xe-vm-param-clear
xe-vm-param-get
xe-vm-param-list
xe-vm-param-remove
xe-vm-param-set
xe-vm-pause
xe-vmpp-create
xe-vmpp-destroy
xe-vmpp-list
xe-vmpp-param-add
xe-vmpp-param-clear
xe-vmpp-param-get
xe-vmpp-param-list
xe-vmpp-param-remove
xe-vmpp-param-set
xe-vm-reboot
xe-vm-reset-powerstate
xe-vm-resume
xe-vm-retrieve-wlb-recommendations
xe-vm-shutdown
xe-vm-snapshot
xe-vm-snapshot-with-quiesce
xe-vm-start
xe-vm-suspend
xe-vm-uninstall
xe-vm-unpause
xe-vm-vcpu-hotplug
xe-vm-vif-list



AUTHORS

Written by Grant McWilliams

