
Definition of Terms

Hypervisor is a piece of computer software that creates and runs multiple virtual machines on the same computer hardware concurrently.

Xen is a hypervisor providing services that allow multiple computer operating systems in the form of Virtual Machines to execute on the same computer hardware concurrently. The University of Cambridge Computer Laboratory developed the first versions of Xen but current versions of Xen are managed by the Xen Community. Simple management tools are included to manage Virtual Machines.

Infrastructure as a Service (Iaas) Cloud computing is the use of computing resources (hardware and software) that are delivered as a service in the form of virtual machines. Pools of hypervisors within the cloud can support large numbers of virtual machines and the ability to scale services up and down according to customers' varying requirements.

Xapi or XenAPI is a comprehensive management stack comprising of a software Application Programming Interface (API) for managing the Xen Hypervisor. Powerful cloud management tools can be easily built using Xapi. 

Xenserver is a commercial Cloud Computing product utilizing the Xen hypervisor and Xapi produced by Citrix Corporation.

Xen Cloud Platform is an open source community developed version of Citrix Xenserver.

Resource Pool

Virtual Machine

Control Domain

Virtual Disk Image

A Storage Repository (SR) is the main object used in XCP storage. They represent a storehouse for XCP to store Virtual Disk Images (VDIs).

A Physical Block Device (PBD) is an object that represents the interface between a XCP host and a mapped Storage Repository. PBDs store all the configuration parameters required to connect to its Storage Repository. 

A Virtual Block Device (VBD) is similar to a PBD except it's an object that maps Virtual Disk Images and virtual machines together. VBDs also provide parameters for tuning their connections to a given VDI.

Physical Interface (PIF) is associated with a Physical NIC on the host.

Virtual Interface (VIF) is a Virtual Network Interface that allows a Virtual Machine to connect to a Network. 

A Network is a virtual switch that connects Virtual Interfaces, Physical Interfaces, and other devices together. 


What is Xen Cloud Platform?

Xen Cloud Platform is the open source community driven version of Citrix Xenserver - a commercial Infrastructure as a Service Cloud Computing system. Xen Cloud Platform version 1.6 is nearly identical to Xenserver 6.1. The differences between Xen Cloud Platform and Xenserver are listed at http://wiki.xen.org/wiki/XCP/XenServer_Feature_Matrix. 
