About this Guide

 This guide has been compiled, edited and revised by the Xenapi Admin Project (xenapiadmin.com). This guide is intended to provide a quick introduction to the open source Xen Cloud Platform - a free hypervisor designed to host virtual machines. Much of the specific content has been shaped by the paritcular needs of the beginning cloud administrator and the members of the Xenapi Admin Project members. We therefore make no claims about completeness or depth for more advanced Xen Cloud Topics or other cloud computing subjects. Many other more advanced sources exist for such topics.

 

Who should read this guide

This guide is primarily intended for those who are new to Cloud Computing and more specifically Xen Cloud Platform. This guide could also be used for those who are new to Citrix Xenserver as the two products share commonality. This guide provides necessary foundation knowledge and general familiarization of topics related to Cloud Computing and more specifically Xen Cloud Platform.

 

Acknowledgments 

Many of the topics covered in this guide stem from personal needs of The Xenapi Admin Project members in addition to questions raised on the xen-api mailing list at lists.xen.org/mailman/listinfo/xen-api. Information presented in this guide comes from Citrix Xenserver Administration guide, xen-api mailing lists and the Xenapi Admin Project's own manpage documents as well as Grant McWilliams installation tutorials at grantmcwilliams.com.

 

Revision History

Version 1 - February 2013

 

Contributors

The Xenapi Admin Project 

Lisa Nguyen
Mason Heller
Mike Webber
Matthew Spah
Christina Mitchell
Paul Maack
Grant McWilliams
 

Copyright Information

Copyright (C)  Grant McWilliams
    Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
    under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3
    or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation;
    with no Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.
    A copy of the license is included in the section entitled "GNU
    Free Documentation License".
 

Conventions used in this document

When this guide refers to other documents and tutorials it will either provide a link in hypertext or present the name of the item in italics.

When this guide presents commands that need to entered it will present them in an indented breakout box. 

For example:

xe vm-list
 
